stare at the wall hardly move be white
you are really good at that so I had fun
tonight
you throw one hell of a party well
thanks thanks it was great meeting you
and listen know if any of my friends
ever get married or you know have a
birthday or a Tuesday and every grade so
I guess um good night
well unless you uh nice run to hang
around yeah yeah I'll let you play with
my duck Hey
stripper
discomfort stole the ring get up get up
the stripper stole the ring what the
ring is gone oh it's like give me minute
to wake up for this ha you lost the ring
you're the worst best man ever
dude this isn't funny what am I gonna do
I go to sleep last night everything's
cool I wake up this morning the
strippers gone in the ring he's gone you
slept with the stripper of course
forget it was in my room all night if
she didn't take it and I didn't take it
and you didn't take it then who did
we're trying to think
if anything should happen to him Joey
the vet said it's a simple procedure so
things could go wrong you don't know
what if he doesn't make it he will Joe
yeah but what if he doesn't
such a good duck when
[Music]
when
fish
[Music]
again
so worried about somebody lose a ring
nah oh my god
thank you thank you so much ha ha ha ha
stood up he's doing just fine he's
resting now but you can see him a little
bit oh great
hey listen Ross thanks for being so cool
about this no that's all right
no it's not I mean you you made me your
best man and I totally let you down
hey come on it's not your fault yeah it
is you wouldn't have lost the ring right
you know what Ross you were right from
the start he should be your best man no
you should look don't argue with me hey
I get to choose my best man I want both
you guys really hey both you guys should
be up there with me I mean you two are
we I mean I'm lucky to have just one
good ok thanks man I gotta go check
something
what a baby total would
[Music]